README.md, before:

>**Note**: Please **fork** the current Udacity repository so that you will have a **remote** repository in **your** Github account. Clone the remote repository to your local machine. Later, as a part of the project "Post your Work on Github", you will push your proposed changes to the remote repository in your Github account.

### Date created

Date of creation: 27/11/2021

### Project Title
Bikeshare Project Uploaded into GitHub

### Description

This project is the bike share project that we are developing as part of the Programming for Data Science with python in order to achieve the nanodegree program in my company, It consists of learning how to upload a project and code to a github repository, so that you can learn how to create a repository and maintain the code with the version control tools provided by git hub.

The Bike Share project is about learning Python for data scientists, throughout this project a series of activities were developed aimed at learning Python commands and the use of different libraries, including pandas to manage external files, the project final consists of a Python script that performs a detailed analysis of a series of data sets, automatically delivering results by console 

### Files used
Those are the files used:

-bikeshare.py
-chicago.csv
-new_york_city.csv
-washington.csv

### Credits

I've developed that project by my own, using the videos, and the knowledge provided by Udacity as part of the nanodegree Programming for Datascience with Python, also we use the templated provided along that couse as part of the final project.

Thanks Udacity and their team, i've learn too much.

Commit message:

Chore: I've modified the README file, adding some credits at the end, alsoo add a comment at the begining in the bikeshare.py file.

README.md, after:

>**Note**: Please **fork** the current Udacity repository so that you will have a **remote** repository in **your** Github account. Clone the remote repository to your local machine. Later, as a part of the project "Post your Work on Github", you will push your proposed changes to the remote repository in your Github account.

### Date created

Date of creation: 27/11/2021

### Project Title
Bikeshare Project Uploaded into GitHub

### Description

This project is the bike share project that we are developing as part of the Programming for Data Science with python in order to achieve the nanodegree program in my company, It consists of learning how to upload a project and code to a github repository, so that you can learn how to create a repository and maintain the code with the version control tools provided by git hub.

The Bike Share project is about learning Python for data scientists, throughout this project a series of activities were developed aimed at learning Python commands and the use of different libraries, including pandas to manage external files, the project final consists of a Python script that performs a detailed analysis of a series of data sets, automatically delivering results by console 

### Files used
Those are the files used:

-bikeshare.py
-chicago.csv
-new_york_city.csv
-washington.csv

### Credits

I've developed that project by my own, using the videos, and the knowledge provided by Udacity as part of the nanodegree Programming for Datascience with Python, also we use the templated provided along that couse as part of the final project.

I've already use some webpages in order to improve my coding.

https://www.kite.com/python/answers/how-to-convert-seconds-to-days,-hours,-and-minutes-in-python

    # Time delta: code used: 
    # https://www.kite.com/python/answers/how-to-convert-seconds-to-days,-hours,-and-minutes-in-python
    seconds = total_travel_time
    seconds_in_day = 60 * 60 * 24
    seconds_in_hour = 60 * 60
    seconds_in_minute = 60

    days = seconds // seconds_in_day
    hours = (seconds - (days * seconds_in_day)) // seconds_in_hour
    minutes = (seconds - (days * seconds_in_day) - (hours * seconds_in_hour)) // seconds_in_minute
    
    print('The total travel time was: {} days, {} hours, {} minutes'.format(days, hours, minutes))

Thanks Udacity and their team, i've learn too much.
